We decided to use a kinetic charger,. standard chip, 'cause it can come in various different sizes,. We wanted a stand-by function. The case material is gonna be soft, rubbery, changeable. buttons with a combination of LCD and rubber according to the design. bright funky designs inspired by fruit, keeping with the hip kind of feel. and to try and incorporate voice recognition software into our design until we can find out more about the cost of things like that. and the rubber buttons that we'll use will be anti-RSI.
Me and William worked on a prototype,. and I think William is going to make a presentation on that. I can hold it like
And I'll I'll show you the presentation. And we'll first look at the exterior of what we've come up with over there. It's gonna have a a plastic body with a sort of standard colour, either we're thinking some something fairly neutral like a a white or a light blue or something. This is underneath the rubberised the rubberised outer casing. which there'd be sort of a wide choice. the wide choice of colours and sort of patterns,. it's obviously an a sort of clam-shell design. and the the top LCD screen that you can see that would would be sort of how do you say, it's yeah yeah, it would be sort of inset into the into the top
The black and white touch screen
And the buttons at the bottom would d. so so it'll fully close flat. we've already said decided on the kinetic batteries,. which actually, thinking about it now, could could also probably attach to the flipping open and shut as well,
So put it in the top section rather than the bottom sections,
We decided that the voice recognition system, it did actually say on the email that they were sort of coming in. and they were fairly easy to get a-hold of,. so we presumed that they'd also be quite cheap. So you'd have something like where you'd shout out, where where is the remote and it'll shout back, I'm here, or something. the standard, there's be a standard transmission with the TV using using all the standard chips that we've talked about. obviously 'cause it's split over two two different layers,. it would need two separate P_C_B_s,. so it would be joined at the hinge through some sort of cabling. And because, obviously, all T_V_s use this, the same infrared medium,. we'd just be using using the same thing to transmit the data. And the infrared sender would be on the on one of the bot the bottom layer, just at the front of the. So when you've actually got it open, it would be facing the TV. And then finally on to the interface. The top screen, as we said, is would be an inset black and white LCD touch screen. which yeah would have all of all of the the available functions for for the remote on it,. whereas the bot the bottom screen would just contain the standard buttons, like the vo volume up and down, channel up and down, power on and off, and things to that effect. And now we've we also decided on the inside, we could possibly either have some some kind of sort of bezzled logo on it, or something inset, or maybe an engraving of the logo on the top.
But not interfering with the outside kind of look of the product
And finally that's how we put the fashion back into electronics,. as that is that's the company logo.
I've now got evaluation criteria.
This stage of the evaluation is really for us as a team to evaluate if we have now got a product specification and prototype design that meets the the criteria that we got from our market research. the collection of the criteria, as we saw in our previous meeting, was based on the user requirements and trends found in the marketing reports and marketing strategy of our company. So it's what we've discussed in the last meeting,. are we actually meeting those trends and requirements? The criteria that we want in this remote control are a fancy look and feel, technological innovation, it should be easy to use, it should incorporate current fashion trends,. and those the two main ones, they were the spongy texture and the fruit and vegetable strong design colours. The design should minimise RSI. and be easy to locate. and we were still slightly ambivalent as to whether to use voice recognition there,. though that did seem to be the favoured strategy,. We're going to use a seven point scale,. where one is true. and seven is false. and I will just do a preliminary rating of all those criteria on the whiteboard here.
Is it everybody is going to evaluate, or just the Market
W we'll discuss each one. and we'll come to a consensus rating between one and seven. I won't write all of that out again. It will just be criteria one, two, three, four, five, six,. Actually, it might be an idea, if we each did give our own individual rating,. and we could take an average at the end. So I'll just separate the ratings by obliques,. and if we go one, two, three, four, we know who's who. Criteria A, the fancy look and feel. My own rating for that would be a two. Two and three quarters? criteria, criterion, technologically innovative. I would give that a three.
I'd give it a one.
It's just two point five for that one.
Ease of use. Based on what you've said there, I would say a one, true.
I would say a two. I would say a two. One point seven five.
It incorporates current fashion trends,. I'm just thinking, before I give it my rating, you were limited in the use of materials for your prototype here. Is this actually going to be the colours that you would use?
The the base colour was white or or like or sort of a light blue,. but the changeable fa faces would allow you to get any basically any one of a number of colours that th it's full sort of customised.
So we could use any strong fruit and veg colours and that's what we're intending to do.
'cause th that's that's the the spongy feel would be in the rubber that you put round it,
In that case it's got to be a one for me.
Yeah, I'll give it a one as well.
To does the design minimise repetitive strain injury. I don't think we've really touched on that a lot. we haven't really come up with anything that we felt could feasibly reduce that. but the very use of a remote control, if you're someone who's zapping, who's sitting like that, and we found so many people did, how do you minimise that on such a small device?
The type of button that we're gonna use in the bottom half, the material, minimises RSI. but with the amount of stuff we're putting on it isn't that much.
I think I'm gonna have to be neutral on that. and give it a four.
I'd I'd I'd go for a five, actually,
And finally, last but not least, easy to locate. Now we talked about voice recognition,. we talked about a beeper,. have the designers come to any dec real decision on that?
Yeah, it was it was a voice voice recognition,
And are we happy with the costs on that? That is going to be feasible, cost-wise.
Yeah, yeah, that yeah, that's feasible. it would be quite loud.
And if you didn't hear it in the room that you were standing in, then you'd realise that it wasn't in that room, you'd go into another room.
That's a one for me.
I do realise that we might be being fairly biased,. 'cause it is our product,
We've got our our we've got the highest rating of meeting the specifications that is definitely true for two of the six criteria there. That is for incorporates current fashion trends and is easy to locate. The lowest rating we've got, which is really it's not terribly low,. i it's close around neutral is for the minimisation of repetitive strain injury. Do we feel on the basis of tha of these evaluation findings that we can go ahead and now produce this as a prototype and market it,. or do we have to make further modifications?
I don't think so.
We happy to go ahead?
I think we yeah. I think we're set.
I think for most of those ratings that it's high enough at the upper end of the scale for us to go ahead with that,. and I really doubt if on the basis of current technology and our current capabilities, we could actually do much more to minimise that. I'll just leave it there.
I've got finance here now. We just type numbers into this. and we come out with the final value. So are we still on for kinetic? See, it woulda been handy to have this at the beginning. it might have influenced our choice.
It was a regular chip on print. you you've put in three for the number of kinetic cells,. there should just be one. one of them and one sample sensor and sample speaker.
One double curve.
'cause it's two.
What's a single curve then?
It would just be a flat bottom with one curve. like a domed thing.
We've got plastic and rubber,
I think rubber, since it's being used just as a casing,
See, it says case material. we're not actually using plastic in the case,
There's nowhere else we can code for the the rubber used in the casing. So do we not have to account for it in the cost somewhere there?
Or sh we should just put it in as one,. because the plastic is zero anyway. special colour, do we need that?
Might do, if we go for some of the more exotic aubergines and such like colours.
The push-button's one. and LC display one.
I think we could change the battery also. Instead of going for kinetic how about going for a standard battery.
And just actually making the rubber case the curved thing,. is that going to make a difference?
So the highest we've got is the electronics here. and the interface.
If we moved away from our much loved idea of a kinetic battery and just went with the standard batteries, would that make a huge difference?
It it would make one difference.
What I feel is, customers never said anything about the battery.
But if you take away the voice recognition, then you've got it. If you took away that, that'll make it twelve point three five.
If we change it to the battery it's that's minus three. We could do the voice recognition for, you know, business class or something, you know, like an upgraded version.
I don't see why we have to sell it for twenty five Euros now,. because they they were saying they were quite willing to pay more for better product.
We can put in our recommendations. If we if we're working to head office specifications as this is what this project team's working for, we can put in our recommendations for what we've we've found and what we the consensus that we've come to as a result of the meetings. as you say, we can offer the voice recognition initially to business class customers. So if we take voice recognition out
That'll do it. Twelve point three five.
We are close to the budget.
Is it twelve point fif was it twelve point fifty?
So we are under the budget.
We've done room for creativity,. Because we've got decisions that we would have made that we weren't didn't feel able to make. I presume we discussed leadership and teamwork.
Although we had our separate tasks,
I think we had a nice time.
There was so much interaction,. so much that we needed to bounce off each other. in that in relevant areas we've been able to, you know, give and take. and adjust our remit where necessary.
Yeah, I think there was very constructive feedback by everybody. We came to a very predic creative design, yeah. And Sarah, you coordinated the work very well.
Although we didn't quite make the voice recognition in there,. but that's that's good. I think it would have made it into the final product if it was actually if if if we'd seen the marketing before the initial specification was put out, I think maybe it would've come out a little different,
I liked the fact that we could say an idea and it'd be suggested that that wasn't the best idea, but no one felt like shot down,. you two created that wonderful specimen of a Play-Doh model. means, whiteboard, digital pens, etcetera, what does that mean? Any ideas?
How do we evaluate the materials we had for communicating and sharing information? Could it've been better,
I think I think we probably woulda used the outer email system more, had we actually had had more time and if we'd been separated more.
I think it's new ideas in general,
It's really borrowing from other areas, it's, you know, bringing things from other areas in,
Surprising to me is like people give a lot of attention to modifying mobile phones, like a real want to see a new launch or something like that. but nobody giving much idea to this.
I think it's really good that this has been very market research based,. because just going back to mobile phones, I mean this is the first change in remote control devices that I can really, you know, say is is obvious and visible. We see it in mobile phones a lot,. and tha that's where we've borrowed a lot of our ide our ideas from. There are innovations in that that people don't really want. and I think it's wonderful our company's so and based.
Our costs are below budget. with recommendations that they the budget be increased,. Do you think that's takes into account overheads like us being well paid kind of a thing? And the heating for the building, do you think our budget includes everything, all the costs that are going out?
I think it was just the produc just the production cost of the phone. I think we've done very well to get within budget
And we've got the meeting survey and questionnaire.
There's a final questionnaire.
We've got about fifty minutes to catch up with everything that I fell behind with,. I think I've got minutes for two of the meeting and the last thingy.